DOC-1979: Added TINY-9679 to the release notes. (#2743)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following bug fixes:

> === Select would in some situations when it was reused or otherwise reset not have an initial selected value when expected to.

Reviewer: It might be good to clarify that it's the select element? Not a requirement, but 'select' is a bit broad and can be a bit tricky to understand?

Author: ```suggestion
=== The selected element would in some situations, when it was reused or otherwise reset not have an initial selected value when expected to.
```

Author: @HAFRMO Happy with the above change?

> === The selected element would in some situations, when it was reused or otherwise reset not have an initial selected value when expected to.
> //#TINY-9679
> 
> In previous version of {productname}, the browser displayed difficulties while switching to a elements child, which lead to it defaulting to an empty state.
> 
> To resolve this issue, element such as this can no longer be empty unless the user explicitly sets it as such.
> 
> In {productname}, these elements will now have a populated value unless the user specifically chooses an empty selection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== In some circumstances, the selected element would, when it was reused or otherwise reset, not have an initial selected value when it was expected to.
//#TINY-9679

Previously, issues between the host browser and the editor switching between an element’s children, lead to the element presenting an erroneous empty state when displayed.

To resolve this, such elements can no longer be empty unless the user explicitly sets them as such.

In {productname} 6.5, these elements will now have a populated value unless the user specifically chooses an empty selection.
```

Edits and copy-edits.
